- You'll find an interesting trend in the security industry,
the recurrence of the same flaws over and over again.
Public disclosure of security flaws
and the theft or leaking of sensitive data
continues to make the national news.
With some basic knowledge, a little dedication,
and a company culture that embraces security,
many of these issues can be preventable.
This course is designed to provide you
with some of the basic knowledge of secure coding.
My goal is to arm you with the knowledge
so that you can capitalize on this information,
protect your systems,
and prevent the trend of recurring flaws.
Hi, my name is Frank Moley.
I'm a software, technology,
and security developer and architect.
I've built security programs for organizations
and seen how adding security into agile processes
can improve team attitudes and understanding,
as well as help you have a better security posture.
I invite you to join me
on my LinkedIn Learning course about secure coding.